
Rails 5.1 example application that integrates Rails and Bootstrap 4.0.

Before generating your application, you will need:

* The Ruby language - version 2.4.1
* The Rails gem - version 5.1


Here are the gems used by the application:

* "bootstrap-rubygem":https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap-rubygem - Bootstrap 4 for CSS and JavaScript
* "high_voltage":https://github.com/thoughtbot/high_voltage - for static pages like "about"

These gems make development easier:

* "better_errors":https://github.com/charliesome/better_errors - helps when things go wrong
* "rails_layout":https://github.com/RailsApps/rails_layout - generates files for an application layout

h3. Install the Required Gems

If you used the "Rails Composer":http://railsapps.github.io/rails-composer/ tool to generate the example app, the application template script has already run the @bundle install@ command.

If not, you should run the @bundle install@ command to install the required gems on your computer:

<pre>
$ bundle install
</pre>

You can check which gems are installed with:

<pre>
$ gem list
</pre>

Keep in mind that you have installed these gems locally. When you deploy the app to another server, the same gems (and versions) must be available.

h3. Configuration File

To consolidate configuration settings in a single location, store credentials in the *config/secrets.yml* file. To keep your credentials private, use Unix environment variables to set your credentials. See the article "Rails Environment Variables":http://railsapps.github.io/rails-environment-variables.html for more information.

This is the default *config/secrets.yml* file:

<pre>
development:
  secret_key_base: (not shown)
</pre>


Get a unique secret token:

<pre>
rake secret
</pre>

Edit the *config/secrets.yml* file to change the secret token.

h2. Test the App

You can check that your application runs properly by entering the command:

<pre>
$ rails server
</pre>

